fix: NetworkAnimator does not unsubscribe to OnClientConnectedCallback [MTT-4080] (#2074)
MidLevel/MLAPI: com.unity.netcode.gameobjects/CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/) and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

Additional documentation and release notes are available at [Multiplayer Documentation](https://docs-multiplayer.unity3d.com).
## [Unreleased]

### Changed

### Fixed

> - Fixed issue where NetworkAnimator was not removing its subscription from OnClientConnectedCallback when despawned during the shutdown sequence. As well, IsServer and IsClient will still be valid properties to check when any NetworkObject is despawned during the shutdown sequence. (#2074)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed issue where NetworkAnimator was not removing its subscription from OnClientConnectedCallback when despawned during the shutdown sequence. (#2074)
- Fixed IsServer and IsClient being set to false before object despawn during the shutdown sequence. (#2074)
```
